On the societies page the bar on top with the profile and the notifications is there 2 times one on the other. Remove one of the bars and make sure the remaining one is aligned to the top of the page.
Nothing happens if you click on the extend button on the my books page specifically in the borrowed section. What should happen when you press it is that it should open a form where you have to send a request to the owner of the book requesting to extend the return date of the book. In that request there should be by how many days you want to extend the borrowing of the book and the name of the book and also your name. This request should directly be sent into the notifications panel of the owner of the book.
The return button also does not work (in the my books page specifically in the borrow section) . What should happen when you press it is that it should notify the owner of the book that the borrower wants to return it. It should mention that they have to coordinate with the lender for a designated meeting spot where the book can be returned. It should also have the phone number of the lender and the borrower.
Nothing happens if you click on the  send reminder button on the my books page specifically in the lent out section. What should happen when you press it is that it should send a reminder into the notification panel of the borrower. The message should have the name of the book and in how many days it is due.
Nothing happens if you click on the details button on the my books page specifically in the lent out section. What should happen when you press it is that it should show the details of the person who has borrowed the book.
In the admin panel the number of users,societies,total books and active rentals is wrong. Please correct them.
The save settings button does not work, after changing the details in the admin pane and then moving to another tab the details aren't saved, they go back to the default. Please fix this and make sure that the details actually get saved when you click the save settings button in the admin panel.
In the admin panel you cannot make a reward. It give a code error.
When i try to create a society it should not just be created automatically, it should send a request which can be seen in the admin panel. Only when the request is approved then the societies page should update and then the society should be created.
The limit is not being followed when creating a society. Even if your building has less apartments then what the admin has set then also the society can be created. What should happen is that if the number of apartments is less it should give the option of mixing your society with another. The location of the other one/ones is compulsory. So is the name
 On the home page when I click on the button to change societies nothing happens. It should take me to the society page instead.
Barcode scanning does not work. What should happen when I click the barcode scanning button it should automatically open the barcode scanning software and allow me to scan the barcode on the books.
When i try to sign in with google it does not work. It reloads and just takes me back to the introduction page.
When i try to see my User number it says not assigned. That should not be the case, each user should have their own unique user id depending on whether they are the 1st or 15th or 100th user on the platform.
In the profile when i try to change my details even if i have filled all of the details rightly it gives me an error “failed to execute fetch on windows”
On the home page next to the recently added text there is a button that says view all. When I click on it nothing happens. What should happen is that it should take me to a page where all of the books can be seen.
The forget password feature does not work. Once i type in the email and click “send reset email” it gives me an error “failed to execute fetch on windows”.
When i log out it says you have been logged out successfully in a notification but on the screen it says error 404. I have to reload the screen for it to take me back to the login page.  What should happen is that it should show the notification as is and then take you back to the login screen.
On the home screen when i click on the change button nothing happens. What should happen is that it should take me to the societies page
When a person changes their society all of the books which they have uploaded in the society should be removed from that particular society and should automatically be added into the new society that they joined.
At the bottom left corner of the home page the number 0 is being displayed. Erase that.
